Fixed an OAuth 2.0 Authorization issue in ServiceNow V2 (#17337)
demisto/content: Packs/ServiceNow/ReleaseNotes/2_2_23.md

#### Integrations
##### ServiceNow v2

> - Fixed the ***servicenow-get-ticket*** command to correctly authorize the request when getting an attachment from a 'ServiceNow' ticket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***servicenow-get-ticket*** command failed when to get attachments when using *OAuth Login*.
```
